In the last lecture I explain how you get started with a new angle to project using the Seelye and how
the angle to application starts.
In general you learn or I hope you already knew that but you might remember that the app component is
the root component of our application but at an angle or two application of course may have multiple
components.
So let's create a new one and we could do that through the seal or manually.
So I will create a new component and I will create a new subfolder for this in the app folder named
users and I'll name the component users component to you.
And here the angler to naming convention is to have the name of your whatever you are building a component
in this case.
Ask the first part of your file name then the description of what you're both building.
So a component in this case.
And then of course the file extension.
Now in this user component dot file I'll export a class which constitutes my component in the end and
I'll name a user's component.
This again is the naming convention to be explicit about what you're building here.
Now with the users component set up here I don't have anything besides a type clause.
So to really make this more than just the class I need to add a decorator the x component decorator.
Now this is imported from angular coord and this component decorator turnstyles normal typescript class
which of course is also compiled to Chavismo and into more than just the boring types to class.
It instead turns it into something engorge you will recognize as a component.
So this component decorator gets javascript object as an argument.
And here we need to set up at least one thing that template.
You can also give it a selector and you will need to do that.
If you load this component by placing it in some other template but you can leave out the selector if
you're loading it from routing for example a template is always needed though and you can even define
it like this in line or with the template you are all property pointing to an external template.
Now you are to use the inline approach and I use that takes year to have the ability to write over multiple
lines.
Now with that I can output anything which should go into my users component.
For example a paragraph where I say I'm in the users cupola to indicate where I am now to be able to
use this component since I don't want to use routing.
I'll give it a selector and forward a selector.
You should make sure that it's a unique one not overriding any default HDMI elements and not interfering
with any third party packages.
You might have.
So I'm going to name this app users and this app refix should make sure that I'm using a unique selector.
Now with that set up I can go into my app component aged hemol file and add the selector here.
So I'll add a horizontal line and then app users.
No this alone wouldn't do anything.
Angle or two won't scan your whole application for all components we have and therefore recognize the
selector.
Instead you have to tell you which components your app really uses and has and you could even create
multiple modules and not only have the app Marchal and registers some components on module one and the
other components on module 2.
So you really have to be explicit about which components a module uses.
Now here we only have one module and I want to use my users component in this module in my app component.
So I need to go to my app Marchal and register a complaint there and we do this in the declarations
array here.
Ultimately add user s component and you also need to add this import pointing to your users component
dot TS poverty file.
But without the dot TS and the import here now with this England who knows about the component it will
therefore have a look at it recognize or see the selector and then recognize the selector in our app
component.
So after saving the should automatically rebuild our project if you still have any reserve running.
And then if we have a look at it you'll see I'm on the users component here.
This is our newly created component and this is how you work with multiple components and templates.